Max has been following the curves from
the beginning we've got these special
remote cameras and we're rigging up the
enclosure for the Cubs from now on they
can't have any human interaction at all
if they're going to be released as wild
tigers so we've got to set up these
cameras drop way back and then hopefully
we get a glimpse of them coming out for
the first time the team need to see how
the Cubs are recovering from their
ordeal the last time max saw them one of
the Cubs was in critical condition the
cameras will allow scientists to observe
the Cubs from a cabin a hundred metres
away
as night falls the Cubs still haven't
emerged from the hut max settles in to
keep watch I think we all thought the
Cubs would be coming out all three of
them together it's nearly midnight now
and we've got the infrared lights up but
we haven't seen a single sign of any
Cubs it might take a few days or at
least a couple of nights before they
even come out but to his surprise
there's movement in the enclosure right
it's the third cub the one who almost
died
they've been inside that huh for so long
it's a real safe haven for them so it's
a massive leap for them but it's just
the start of a journey a long long
journey of becoming a tiger again when I
really just want to come back and see
them in the day
by the next morning all three Cubs are
absolutely
over the next 12 months this space will
be enlarged and live prey will be
released so that the Cubs can learn to
hunt
incredibly these three curves represent
1% of the entire wild population
if their luck holds within a year they
could be back in the forest
the next generation of Siberian tigers